Trend Micro Vision One 1.1 (#18992)
demisto/content: Packs/TrendMicroVisionOne/ReleaseNotes/1_1_0.md

#### Integrations

> - Added a new command 'trendmicro-visionone-update-status' to modify the status of a Trend Micro Vision One workbench alert

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a new command ***trendmicro-visionone-update-status*** to modify the status of a Trend Micro Vision One workbench alert
- Added a new command ***trendmicro-visionone-add-note*** to add a note to Trend Micro Vision One workbench alert
```

> - Added a new command 'trendmicro-visionone-add-note' to add a note to Trend Micro Vision One workbench alert

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a new command ***trendmicro-visionone-add-note*** to add a note to Trend Micro Vision One workbench alert
```
